
  1 convert to properties 
  2 convert to instaion
  3 check fo plaindroam 
  4 Convert the 



Classes and object 
prosijatar a language and object orientend language.
prosijar the language started with assembly language.
prosijal language started with assembily language.
prosijal language use function.
object oreitened programming start with pascal the first successful object oreited c++

InterPritterAndComplier

complier covert the full code into the runval program interpritter coverts and runs.
Steps in the compliestion
1.first step is to verify the code lax 
Token
parsing is the prossing binaries code token            smallest mini of the part
token keywords
keywords and token the fix meaning and indentityfier name 
karnel  
Layers of virtucal machine
oop termilogy
class
object oritend programming system
a class is the design for blue print offen object
it constains a list of object of functlity.

Encapsulation
Encapsulation is the prosser ho binary is multiple object are pritter into a new object keeping capsulation 

class a design using DFD (data for Dygram)
O lavel DFD   types of user and the software
first lavel DFD  every step will requires some input and given output 
interface is process which provides input output bwtween two other process 
if the interface is not change use can change then complitily

Absetion 

Inheritance 
Inheritance  is intensic the working   software why menting backout campitable 


backout campitablity can make program use    let are not avalible now can be only be main fecture 

Static inheritance 

Bank Account Class name,acc_no,balance,rateofiheritence

Static object are handle ware class name 


Moduls

Moduls of the part of   that can be resperably and the complie sepetraly into the 

Access modifier

1. Private components are only accessibly in the object after canect class 
2.Pakage default access modifier is pakage         pakage scop    to everyone in the same times thinks the public avalible 

Protect objects are available in the current class and all in hesitancies class 

java provides some magic methods which are directly used. The toString method is called  when ever an object of the class is converted to String.

This happens whenever the Object is converted to a String.



















